docs(changelog): for v8.0.0 [skip ci] (#376)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: CHANGELOG.md

## [8.0.0](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/compare/v7.3.4...v8.0.0) (2019-02-18

## BREAKING CHANGES 💣

This release introduces a **breaking change** which may entail some **migration steps**. We'll go through them now:

#### 💥 Type: Breaking Change

- `application-shell`
  - [#354](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/pull/354) fix(application-shell): redirect to welcome by default ([@tdeekens](https://github.com/tdeekens))

> Previously the `<ApplicationShell />` redirected to the `<projectKey>/dashboard` by default given the `/<projectKey>` route was matched exactly. This automatic redirect was removed. Instead our internal infrastructure (a proxy) now redirects to a welcome screen at `<projectKey>/welcome`. This means that your application can not rely anymore on being redirected to the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously the `<ApplicationShell>` had an internal redirect from `/:projectKey` to `/:projectKey/dashboard`. This redirect is now removed and it's done by our internal proxy router as we are rolling out a new landing page called **Welcome screen** (`/:projectKey/welcome`). However, for **development**, you need to adjust the redirect as illustrated below:
```

If you for instance had a:

```jsx
<Switch>
  {process.env.NODE_ENV === 'production' ? null : (

>     <Redirect from="/:projectKey/dashboard" to="/:projectKey/welcome" />

Reviewer: Maybe using a "diff" code snippet makes it simpler to show

Reviewer: ```diff
<Redirect
+  exact={true}
-  from="/:projectKey/dashboard"
+  from="/:projectKey"
  to="/:projectKey/xxx"
/>
```
